Listen to a happy Song,
See what day it is at https://nationaldaycalendar.com/what-is-national-today/,
Go for a walk,
Get present. Studies find the best way to stay cheerful is to stay centered in the present—even when it’s not all that pleasant. In contrast, a wandering mind and daydreaming can bring people down. The best way to re-center? Sit quietly for a few minutes and try some deep, calming breaths. Focus on the breath moving in and out of the body and gently guide attention back to the breath if the mind starts to wander.,
Count your blessings. Think about or write down what you’re thankful for. Even if there’s not time to write down everything, expressing gratitude creates an instant mood boost.,
Snuggle up. Climbing under a soft blanket for a few minutes might make us more relaxed and flexible. Researchers found there’s something about contact with soft things that just makes us feel better.,
Do something nice for somebody else. Yep, being nice can help us feel nicer. Small actions—holding the door for the person behind you, sending a quick love text to a partner or friend, or donating ten bucks to a favorite charity—count, so there’s no excuse not to get your nice on.,
Listen to a happy song. It’s quick; it’s easy; it’s an instant mood-lifter. Sing along (perfect pitch not required) for extra benefit.,
Go somewhere quiet. Even if it’s just the office bathroom, taking a few minutes to sit in a quiet space with no external stimulation can do wonders for a bad mood.,
Cuddle. Physical touch can decrease stress, make us feel happier, and even improve our health. For the single folks among us, don’t fret: Even a quick hug with a friend or acquaintance can yield benefits.,
Hang out with a pet. Cuddling, playing, or just chillin’ with Fido can help us feel happier and less stressed.,
Achieve a goal. Even small successes can have big mood payoffs. Toss a crumpled ball of paper into the trash can Michael Jordan style, win a game of Solitaire, pick up a pencil off the floor using only your toes—in moments you’ll be basking in the glory of accomplishment.,
Give yourself a massage. A quick rubdown (focus on the neck, shoulders, lower back, and feet) can improve mood and release stress.,
Meditate. Meditation is a quick, effective way to chill out and improve our outlook, and it might even make us smarter. Just a few minutes of sitting quietly, focusing on the breath, and maybe chanting a few Oms (silently or out loud) can snap us out of a funk.,
Laugh. Laughter can cheer us up and decrease anxiety—and the best news is it doesn’t have to be “genuine” to have a positive effect. So even when it seems like there’s absolutely nothing funny in all of this world, busting out a big guffaw might just change your mind. Need help getting started? Check out the latest viral youtube videos, the Greatist tumblr, or anything said by Zack Galifianakis.,
Do something new. We know, you’ve only got a few minutes; it’s not like you can change careers or fly to Iceland. The good news is even adding something small to a normal routine can brighten up a day. Order a chai if you normally drink coffee, take a different route to the bathroom at work, wear something you would normally never wear.,
Dress up. Speaking of clothing: Buying new garb can amp up mood, but a person doesn’t have to drop cash to reap clothes’ benefits. Wearing the color red can boost confidence and self-esteem—which might just be the pick-me-up you were looking for.,
Notice small miracles. Cultivating positivity and a sense of wonder can build positive outlook. Feeling stuck? Look around for small wonders (a butterfly, an act of kindness, something beautiful) or check out sites like Happy News, Good News Network, and Daily Good for a happier outlook on the world